image 1

you'll need a screw first, roughly this size. this screw is from a bike valve, but the important thing is that the thread covers the bottom half of the shaft and that the top has a head.


image 2

find some scrap plastic. if it has a hole in it that the screw can screw into, that would be easier but it's not neccesary.


image 3

that's all you need. just a small block of plastic that screws onto the tip of the screw.


image 4

cut a short section of tubing from a wd40 can, and find some strong wire such as a paperclip.the paperclip should move freely inside the tubing, but with minimal play.


image 5

using a file, concrete, sand paper, whatever, shape the plastic block with a rounded end on one side and a bit of a groove cut at a 90 degree angle to the screw on the other . the groove is for the tubing to rest in.


image 6

using blu tack as a jig, place the tubing horizontally, then the screw/plastic assembly on top vertically, with the groove in the plastic resting on the tubing. make sure the screw and tubing are at right angles with each other, leaving the paperclip shaft in makes this easier. apply good quality superglue to the plastic/tubing join and allow to dry. don't let ANY glue go into the tubing.


image 7

when dry, remove from the blu tack and apply more glue to the join and all the way around the tubing, being careful to avoid getting any glue inside the tubing.


image 8

see? lotsa glue outside the tubing, none inside.


image 9

i've prepared this chassis for a dual cell. find 2 short flat strips of plastic, and make sure the pivot rail (paperclip) is a little wider than the chassis, say 1.5 - 2mm.


image 10

shape the plastic strips like this. a wide end and a narrow end. make a hole in the narrow end that the pivot rail can fit snugly in.


image 11

glue a plastic strip onto the chassis by the wide end so the hole sits back about 1.5mm from the end of the chassis and up about .5mm.


image 12

slide the pivot rail into the plastic strips through the holes and use the rail as a reference so the second plastic strip is glued straight. the rail must be straight.


image 13

slide the shock onto the pivot rail, insert the rail into the holes and glue the rail in place at each end. make sure the shock shaft (screw) is on top.


image 14

install the rear end with the heatsink in and line up the shock to see roughly where the screw head lines up on the heatsink.


image 15

find a strip of metal and bend it like this. you need to make 1 hole big enough for the shock shaft to fit through but not the screw head. the other hole is for a screw.


image 16

attach the metal bit on the heatsink, making sure the shock mount sticks up where the screw head lined up. this heatsink is aluminium, so i can't get solder to stick to it. so i've screwed the shock mount on. but with a steel heatsink, i'd solder it in place.


image 17

more plastic. this is going to be the adjustment dial.


image 18

nearly there! install the heatsink, and poke the screw through the shock mount from the rear.


image 19

slide your spring over the screw, then screw on the adjustment dial.


image 20

screw the assembled shock into the pivot, and bang! you're done!


image 21

the assembled rear end, uncompressed.



image 22

....and compressed. preload is adjustable via the plastic dial.



image 23

top, rear view.


image 24

bottom left side. now jam some fets, a coupla batteries, and some knobbies onto this sucker and hit tha dert!



