We can't publish a top ten - to do that, we feel we'd have to scrutinize the top ten even more than we do now and we just don't have that time.
For those of you who have never judged a contest before - let me tell you, it's not easy - by any means.
To be quite honest, it actually can create enough stress that even moderators start bickering back and forth.
That's how much effort and honesty goes in to making our pick for top 3 in a particular contest.
On top of that, we feel rushed because of course the contestants are eager to learn the standings - and that's fine, that's part of the deal. But could you imagine us having to do that for a top 10?
You'd be waiting for weeks to get the results, results we felt were honestly scrutinized.





y'all are makin me bust out wit da rhymes,
you'll regret it when it's kickin' yo ass quick 3 times,
it's easy to toss out the whack, shizzled words,
but it's rough to be a man and break away from the herds,
take a lesson from the master you fool,
I'll teach ya some real shit from da old school,
you don't wanna come steppin up to me,
cuz when I'm done you're gonna have to sit down to pee.

yea that's right - that's my mad fuckin flavor,
bring yo biatch by - I'll spread her eagle and shave her,
aight - I'm outtie - this pimp is steppin and strutin,
where's my bit and my remote wit da fucked up button.

yo - if you believe any of that shiat I was slingin,
then you not understandin - this pimps just here for laughs and blingin,
so peace out to all da pimps,
keep it real and walk wit a limp.

*slams mic on the floor*


Bouncy
Chula
Shy Girl
Dr. Bomba
El Padrecito
Right-Eye
Mr. Pit
Big Dawg
Chilote
Dreamer
Gangsta Hoopa
Home Lee
Mad Bomber
Paletero
Homie Pigeon


Hey RC Mod,

Hmmm... not sure how or why the link is gone off our "Links" page, I'll have it fixed by tonite. We do have some links to your site as well in our forums, and all our links to you are displayed to all the public, not just to registered forum users, as the case with your site.
There's no negativity on our side. Matter of fact, I just recently had to reply to a post on our forums about an avatar issue on your forums:
---------POST BY CABOWABO------------------------
can you do me a favor midget_man and change your avatar? 
you can use one from here if ya want, but don't use the logo please. 

I don't want them thinking the BitPimps are over there causin trouble ya know? 

they've never hassled us, we don't need to be hasslin them. 

thanks bro!
-------------------------------------------------

So as you see, there's no reason to feel offended.
Any chance of getting a link to our site that the entire public can see?

CaboWabo



bitPimps Custom Modifications
http://bitpimps.lixlink.com