The Site Wars (correction: The User Wars)

I just wanted to make a statement.
There are no site wars.
These happenings of late are user wars.

I wanted to let others in on something that I think help shows that these sites have no problems with eachother and have helped eachother in one way or another in the past, present, and probably the future.

TinyRC, never had a problem between the sites, matter of fact we share some moderators.

AUSMicro, never had a problem between the sites, we share many of the same users and we've discussed possible friendly joint competitions. We both allow the other to advertise their latest and greatest happenings.

ExtremeMicros (when it existed), never had a problem between the sites, we did a sponsored contest, allow the other to advertise their latest and greatest.

RCMod, never had a problem between the sites, we've exchanged links and have had other discussions that included possible joint contests adventures and provided feedback to one another.

Ripper7Racing, never had problem between the sites, we've exchanged links and have had other discussions that could possibly serve as surprise in the future so I won't mention them.

Any other site/community on this list, there's no problems there either - at least not from my perspective.


I'm showing this to help calm all this "screw (insert site name here)" and all the other animosity happening lately. It's leaving a bad taste in everyone's mouths and it can't last.
This kind of stuff is driving away the people that help create these communities and that's the biggest shame. If enough of these community leaders are turned off enough to leave - we'll find ourselves out of a hobby and a community to share it with - that'd obviously suck balls.

So, let's stop all this silly bickering and get back to why we all got into the hobby, for the fun.

*End the compassionate pimp mode*

*Begin the normal pimp mode*
Of course that's to say, you users that need to duke it out between yourselves - go for it - but do just that, between yourselves, don't be dragging sites into your arguement. If you have any type of respect for yourself, you'll fight your own battles.